[node-agent-authorizer] Introduce `node-agent-authorizer` webhook in `gardener-resource-manager` (#10535)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/resource-manager.md

It also reacts for the `druid.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.Etcd` resources.

The webhook validates the resources specifications for `CREATE` and `UPDATE` requests.

### Authorization Webhooks

#### `node-agent-authorizer` webhook

> `gardener-resource-manager` serves an authorization webhook for shoot `kube-apiserver` in order to grant access to `gardener-node-agent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gardener-resource-manager` serves an authorization webhook for shoot `kube-apiserver`s which authorizes requests made by the `gardener-node-agent`.
```

> It works similar to [`SeedAuthorizer`](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/gardenlet_api_access.md), but decisions are much simpler so it does not need to implement a decision graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works similar to [`SeedAuthorizer`](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/gardenlet_api_access.md), however, the logic used to make decisions is much simpler so it does not implement a decision graph.
```

> It works similar to [`SeedAuthorizer`](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/gardenlet_api_access.md), but decisions are much simpler so it does not need to implement a decision graph.

Reviewer 2: Use relative links

> In many cases, the objects `gardener-node-agent` is allowed to access, depend on the `Node` it is running on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In many cases, the objects `gardener-node-agent` is allowed to access depend on the `Node` it is running on.
```

> `Machine.Name` is used as unique username of `gardener-node-agent`. It follows this pattern `gardener.cloud:node-agent:machine:<machine-name>`.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like the following would be more clear? At first read I was wondering what `Machine.Name` you were referring to before realising it was referring to the `Machine` resource.

```suggestion
The username of the `gardener-node-agent` used for authorization requests is derived from the name of the `Machine` resource responsible for the node that the `gardener-node-agent` is running on. It follows the pattern `gardener.cloud:node-agent:machine:<machine-name> 
```

> The reference to a `Node` is determined from `node` label of the `Machine`.

Reviewer: It is not clear to me which reference you are talking about here and where is this reference used.

> All users are assigned to `gardener.cloud:node-agents` group. Extensions could use this group to grant permissions to all `gardener-node-agents`.

Reviewer: > All users are assigned to `gardener.cloud:node-agents` group.

Here, do you mean all `gardener-node-agent` users or all users as a whole? :) 

> Extensions could use this group to grant permissions to all `gardener-node-agents`.

Could you give an example? Does this refer to cases where the `gardener-node-agent` needs to access resources deployed by extensions?

Author: I was thinking about [SecretRefs in OSC](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/b2e0cd2f1634509f7284dad6bbfb8d401cdc11cf/pkg/apis/extensions/v1alpha1/types_operatingsystemconfig.go#L150) which could be added by extensions.
However, this does not make any sense 😅 
The secret from the SecretRef are converted into `inline` files because they are in shoot namespace of the seed, where GNA does not have access to. 

I removed the sentence. For now, the group will be required for the migration case.

> Today, these rules are implemented: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, the following rules are implemented: 
```

| Resource                     | Verbs                                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                      |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `CertificateSigningRequests` | `get`, `create`                            | Allow `create` requests for all `CertificateSigningRequests`s. Allow `get` requests for `CertificateSigningRequests`s requested by the same user.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CertificateSigningRequests` | `get`, `create`                            | Allow `create` requests for all `CertificateSigningRequests`s. Allow `get` requests for `CertificateSigningRequests`s created by the same user.                                |
```

| `Events`                     | `create`, `patch`                          | Allow to `create` and `patch` all `Event`s.                                                                                                                                      |

> | `Leases`                     | `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update` | Allow `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update` requests for `Leases` with the name `gardener-node-agent-<node.name>` in `kube-system` namespace.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Leases`                     | `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update` | Allow `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update` requests for `Leases` with the name `gardener-node-agent-<node-name>` in `kube-system` namespace.                               |
```

I suggested `<node-name>` to keep it similar with the `<machine-name>` above.
